com/example/kitchen/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.ProfileActivity
 com.example.kitchen.ProfileActivity$1
 com.example.kitchen.ProfileActivity$2
 com.example.kitchen.ProfileActivity$3
 com.example.kitchen.ProfileActivity$3$1
 com.example.kitchen.ProfileActivity$3$2
 com.example.kitchen.ProfileActivity$4
com/example/kitchen/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.SplashScreenActivity
 com.example.kitchen.SplashScreenActivity$1
 com.example.kitchen.SplashScreenActivity$2
 com.example.kitchen.SplashScreenActivity$3
com/example/kitchen/Helper/BitmapHelper.java
 com.example.kitchen.Helper.BitmapHelper
com/example/kitchen/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.LoginActivity
 com.example.kitchen.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.kitchen.LoginActivity$2
com/example/kitchen/admin/AdminMainActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainActivity
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainActivity$1
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainActivity$2
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainActivity$3
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainActivity$4
com/example/kitchen/a_user/MenuItemSmallAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.MenuItemSmallAdapter
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.MenuItemSmallAdapter$1
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.MenuItemSmallAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kitchen/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.SignUpActivity
 com.example.kitchen.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.kitchen.SignUpActivity$2
com/example/kitchen/Controllers/IngredientsController.java
 com.example.kitchen.Controllers.IngredientsController
com/example/kitchen/Controllers/MenuController.java
 com.example.kitchen.Controllers.MenuController
com/example/kitchen/admin/AdminMainUsersFragment.java
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainUsersFragment
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainUsersFragment$1
com/example/kitchen/a_user/dish/IngredientsAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.dish.IngredientsAdapter
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.dish.IngredientsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kitchen/admin/NewMemberAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.admin.NewMemberAdapter
 com.example.kitchen.admin.NewMemberAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kitchen/admin/AdminMainHomeFragment.java
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainHomeFragment
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainHomeFragment$1
com/example/kitchen/admin/AdminMainPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainPagerAdapter
com/example/kitchen/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kitchen.BuildConfig
com/example/kitchen/ComboBoxAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.ComboBoxAdapter
com/example/kitchen/SplashScreenRecViewAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.SplashScreenRecViewAdapter
 com.example.kitchen.SplashScreenRecViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kitchen/Controllers/UserController.java
 com.example.kitchen.Controllers.UserController
com/example/kitchen/a_user/MemberMainActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.MemberMainActivity
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.MemberMainActivity$1
com/example/kitchen/admin/AdminMainMenuFragment.java
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainMenuFragment
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainMenuFragment$1
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainMenuFragment$2
 com.example.kitchen.admin.AdminMainMenuFragment$3
com/example/kitchen/a_user/dish/MenuItemDetailActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.dish.MenuItemDetailActivity
 com.example.kitchen.a_user.dish.MenuItemDetailActivity$1
com/example/kitchen/AddEditMenuDetailsAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuDetailsAdapter
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuDetailsAdapter$1
com/example/kitchen/AddEditMenuIngredientsAdapter.java
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuIngredientsAdapter
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuIngredientsAdapter$1
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuIngredientsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kitchen/LoadingActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.LoadingActivity
 com.example.kitchen.LoadingActivity$1
com/example/kitchen/AddEditMenuActivity.java
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$1
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$2
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$2$1
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$2$2
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$3
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$4
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$5
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$6
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$7
 com.example.kitchen.AddEditMenuActivity$8
